Skip brush on that.
Uncle, Walker's employees just did health screenings weeks ago.
Why are we doing another one so soon?
This screening is different.
Mrs. Walker is trying to find her last child.
I lost hope.
You mean the third child?
Do you happen to have any lead?
We've got a few hints. It might be Greta.
What? Greta? That trailer trash.
This the way. How could she?
Uncle, are you sure you didn't make any mistakes?
I'm not sure. I looked away for the test results to come in.
Well, once the results are in, let me know first.
Dr. Scott, I'm so sorry I'm late. I haven't had my screening yet.
My waste resources on the daughter of a janitor have blood as dirty and worthless.
Is it better to save it?
The screening is over. You missed a chance.